087
Hey!

- Second Break -
Kiryuu Kiri

It’s been a while, you invisible rascal!

Who are you? I don’t remember you at all.

Ah, right. // Rather than look at my face, your eyes went straight to my chest, didn’t they?
You stupid pervert.

088

Hey! If you stare at them that much it’s embarrassing!
What? But I’m a pervert, aren’t I?

Your personality is just as bad as ever,
Have you made any friends?

I’ve made about 100
Even though there should only be 100 people of 5 classes of 20 in this faculty

Well, have you made any friends?
Of course, because of my good looks.
Shaddup.

089
Rank 003
Self-proclaimed Genius

090
You have 3 hours of the time limit remaining. // The girl’s weakness is water. If you spray it on her, she should be scalded.

As you learned in the second hour, the diseased girl will be in the girls’ toilets on the Basement 8th floor. // Ensure you double check the map you should have on-hand.
Second Hour; Learn the layout of the girl’s labyrinth.

- Third Break -
Mizuiro Gunjou

I’ll fall behind if I don’t know the layout of the girl’s toilet—— Now wouldn't that be a stupid development.
Guess I’ll take a look.
…urgh

091
uuuurgh… Blarghhhh…

…hah

Ha-ha
For me to get this agitated
I’m totally fine.
I’m okay.
I can do it just like all the other times.

Without me // or any of my comrades dying,
I will kill that diseased girl!!

092
…I’m a genius.
It’s because I’m a genius,
I’m sponsored by 7 different companies.

Papa and Mama are expecting so much of me,
That’s why I have to do it…
If I can’t win, I’m completely worthless.

All right, // let’s go!

093
This time as well I’ll get through the labyrinth perfectly…
Because I’m a genius!!

094
The self-proclaimed genius——
Mizuiro Gunjou, huh?

…Hey. Those were some really flashy lies you spat out there,

095
Vomit girl.

Wh--, w-w-w-, what are you doing here!!?

096
What are you doing eavesdropping outside the girls’ toilets!! // You pervert!!
Ha-haha, I’ve heard that a lot today. // But getting aroused at the sound of a woman spewing is a little… // I don’t have such high-class interests.

…H--, How much did you hear?
Hear what?
What I was saying to myself inside the toilet…

Talking to yourself? You were doing that?
Huh? // Ah….
So you didn’t hear it…?

Yep. Didn’t hear a thing.

097
It’s so, so scary, but you have to live up to Mama Papa’s expectations or something like that.
I didn’t hear anything at all.

098
I’ll kill you, bastard!
Ocean Lunar Ring switch!

099
I see, water magic. This time’s diseased girl’s weakness seems to be water, // so that magic’s pretty good.

Hurry up and activate your Headphone Fuzz too! // If you make a fool out of me, I’ll make you aware of the consequences!!
But I don’t want to be made aware.

Hey!! Stop making a fool out of me!!!

100
You can’t hit me?

101
Are you stupid!? You’ll die if you get hit!!
What? Weren’t you going to kill me?
That’s….

I get it. // You’re so clumsy, you missed.

Of course nooooooooooooot!!!!

Hey, vomit girl,

102
Call me that again and I’ll separate your head from the rest of your body.

Gunjou, then,
Why my first name!? I’ll destr-
By the way,

Huh?
Why are you going to the labyrinth?

If you’re scared enough to throw up you should stop. // You’re the daughter of a rich family, right?
If that’s the case, then there’s any number of ways to be happy. // Why do you need to go out of your way to go down into a shitty place filled with death?

103
It has nothing to do with you.

Anyway, a second-rate average person like you shouldn’t get in the way of my genius!
I’m not!
Whatever, just don’t interfere!

Hey, Gunjou,
Like I just said, don’t call me by my first na-

If it’s okay with you, should I protect you?
…What?

104
There’s no need for a girl to carry such a burden all by herself.
I’ll take your place in everything.
I will protect you.

…Wh-, // w-w-w-
W- // what are you saying?
Ah, um, // that is…

105
I’ll do that for you, so can you pay me?
Huh?

By the way, it looks like Shiro will pay me 6 million
If you can cough up 10 million or more, then I’ll gladly become your knight.

106
Seeing as you’re scared enough to spew, // 10 million is pocket ch-

107
Somehow,

That hurt just now, so I’ll make it 12 million. // If you want my help
STFU, dickhead.

Negotiations have broken down? Are you okay with me helping Shiro? // If I go help you opponent, you may lose, you know?
Cut the crap. Just who the hell do you think I am, outsider?

A worthless vomit girl?

108
I still think that you need me.
I don't need someone like you.

Well, if you change your feelings halfway through-
They won’t change!! I’ll show you that inside the labyrinth. // A genius like this won’t ever need help in a labyrinth from the likes of you!

Hey! Don’t follow me!!
Even if you say that, we’re going to the same classroom…

If we return together, won’t people will think we’ve been doing stuff together!?
Like vomiting and getting watched?
Urgh… I-I… I’ll definitely kill you afterwards!
Ha-ha

109
All right, I’ve got your money. // With this, you’re on my team, as promised.

So, I’m going to introduce you to the others. // When we go into the labyrinth these guys will be our team.

110
Yuyami Himi

Endou Yosuke

What’s the Headphone Fuzz configuration?
Himi is Total Support Style, // Yosuke is Total Defense Style
And me,

I am Total Special Attack Style!

What?

111
Within Headphone Fuzz, you can only hold up to 6 different magical incantations.
Basically, you can only use 6 different types of magic.

For example, if you use up all 6 slots with just attack-type magic, you become unable to use defense-type magic.
Because of that, usually——
「2x Attack   2x Defense   2x Support」(Balance Style)
「3x Attack   2x Defense   1x Support」(Combat-Oriented Style)
Are the Styles that people opt for when thinking about balance
※ Total Support Style: 0x Attack 0x Defense 6x Support      Total Defense Style: 0x Attack 6x Defense 0x Support

For that reason, comrades are necessary
Rather than be by yourself, with more people together the number of available fighting abilities increases, and you become able to cope with irregular situations.

112
Well, I am really specialized, // so of you want to think that I'm a Total Attack Style, then that's fine
Now, you. If you can, make adjustments so that you're completely a Balance Style

Fourth Hour Lecture on the Selection of Magic to defeat the Girl
In the Fourth hour where we choose our Magic, what are you going to pick?

That works out well, then,
Balance Style?
Yep.

All right
Then this time we can win against Gunjou

113
Hey, Shiro?
Yeah?
Out of you and Gunjou, which is superior?

Me.
Uh-huh,

It's the truth!
Well, that's fine.

So, what's the configuration of Gunjou's slots?
I don't understand why she's coming this time. // I think it looked like an Attack-specialized Balance Style

I see. 3x Attack 2x Defense 1x Support?
Swap, Defense, and Support.

Ahh, okay.  I've got a good feeling about that.

114
Gunjou has gathered so many people together,
She doesn't trust strangers.
Her slot configuration is one for clearing the labyrinth all by herself.

Basically, she's serious about this,

Serious enough // to throw up from nervousness.

115
The opposite of Shiro, who has complete trust in his friends.

In this peaceful Japan,
Humans killing other humans... I don't know if such a thing really exists.

If only in the case where your friends stab you in the back,
A good-natured person is the best target.
Because of that, nobody is stupid enough to fill all of their slots with one type of magic.
Maybe there's a reason where he doesn't have any other options...
What's up?

116
I was wondering if you were an idiot or not, or had special circumstances or something.
What?

Nothing. It looks like it's finally about to start.
The real thing.

117
Settle down!  The Fifth hour is half over! // For the remaining time, we are moving out to the site!

Is everyone ready?

Ha! Just who do you think I am?

I'm the genius, Mizuiro Gunjou, aren't I? // I was born ready!

Liar.
Even though you're nervous enough to throw up.

118
Okay, let's go! // This time, we win.

Let's do this!

I-
I'll do my best!

You too!

119
It's a friendship formed by money, but regardless, comrades are comrades. // I look forward to working with you.

...You can't possibly want me to high-five you?
Ahh….

I can't do that for religious reasons
That's such a lie.

Okay, let's go everybody!

Leave the classroom and get in the helicopters!

120
We're going to kill the girl and save the world!!
